TSDK-789 BTC Monitoring (#10)
Topl/topl-btc-bridge: docker/README.md

## BTC Regtest docker file

This docker file is used to create a BTC regtest node. It is very simple
and just hardcodes the parameters exactly as what we need for our tests.

> It is published in docker hub as `jimetoplprotocol/bitcoin-zmq:v25-regtes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is published in docker hub as `toplprotocol/bitcoin-zmq:v25-regtest`.
```

It looked like a typo to me. https://hub.docker.com/r/toplprotocol/bitcoin-zmq/tags
